Add hint & example for using CSS selectors. (#24807)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: guide/english/certifications/responsive-web-design/basic-css/use-css-selectors-to-style-elements/index.md

---
## Use CSS Selectors to Style Elements

CSS selectors are widely used to apply styling to all instances of a particular element.

> To apply the color `purple` to all the `H2` headings of the page, you can define the following CSS inside a `<style></style>` block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To apply the color `purple` to all the `h2`s on the page, you can define the following CSS inside a `<style></style>` block.
```

```css
h2 {

>     color: purple;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  color: purple;
```
We use two spaces for each indentation level, so please change this to the recommended one

}
```

> This will apply the color `purple` to all H2 headings. If you are using the `style="color: purple"` attribute on each H2 element, you can remove it and instead define it in a single place inside a `<style></style>` block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will apply the color `purple` to all `<h2>` headings. If you are using the `style="color: purple"` attribute on each `<h2>` element, you can remove it and instead define it in a single place inside a `<style></style>` block.
```
